[Doc; 1/N] Clean up getting started for classical ML/DL (#18379)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/docs/classic-ml/tracking/quickstart/index.mdx

To learn more about autologging and supported libraries, see the [Autologging](/ml/tracking/autolog/) documentation.

## Step 4 - View the Run in the MLflow UI

To see the results of training, you can access the MLflow UI by navigating to the URL of the Tracking Server. If you have not started one, open a new terminal and run the following command at the root of the MLflow project and access the UI at http://localhost:5000 (or the port number you specified).

```bash
mlflow ui --port 5000
```

When opening the site, you will see a screen similar to the following:

<ImageBox src="/images/tutorials/introductory/quickstart-tracking/quickstart-ui-home.png" alt="MLflow UI Home page" />

The "Experiments" section shows a list of (recently created) experiments. Click on the "MLflow Quickstart" experiment.

<ImageBox src="/images/tutorials/introductory/quickstart-tracking/quickstart-ui-run-list.png" alt="MLflow UI Run list page" />

The training **Run** created by MLflow is listed in the table. Click the run to view the details.

<ImageBox src="/images/tutorials/introductory/quickstart-tracking/quickstart-our-run.png" alt="MLflow UI Run detail page" />

> The Run detail page shows overview of the run, recorded metrics, hyper parameter, tags, and more. Play around with the UI to see the different views and features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Run detail page shows an overview of the run, recorded metrics, hyper-parameters, tags, and more. Play around with the UI to see the different views and features.
```
